RHDEVDOCS-5667: Updating install build strategies commands (#66333)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-about-buildah.adoc

> The `buildah` cluster build strategy uses a Dockerfile to build and push a container image. You must specify the Dockerfile in your `Build` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `buildah` cluster build strategy uses a Dockerfile to build a container image and pushes it to the target registry. You must specify the Dockerfile in your `Build` CR.
```
